Teams docs (#117)
tinacms/tinacms-site: content/docs/teams/cli/introduction.md

---
title: Tina CLI
id: /docs/teams/cli/introduction
prev: /docs/teams/introduction
next: /docs/teams/cli/commands
---

> The Tina CLI can be used to setup your **cloud development ennvironment** with Tina Teams, and manage its users. Tina Teams pairs nicely with [Tina CMS](https://github.com/tinacms/tinacms) so that editors can edit sites from a live URL without having to pull anything down to a local dev environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tina CLI can be used to setup your [**cloud editing ennvironment**](https://tinacms.org/blog/editing-on-the-cloud/) with Tina Teams, and manage its users. Tina Teams pairs nicely with [Tina CMS](https://github.com/tinacms/tinacms) so that editors can edit sites from a live URL without having to pull anything down to a local dev environment.
```
